An An, who killed you.
Come to modify for you.
Accidentally.
What are you doing? What are you doing?
What are you doing down?
My head, sir.
I advise you to think clearly.
Do you want to let your child breathe?
Or do you want to put him back in prison?
Won't you put your head down?
Then I'll teach you.
First.
You stole my husband.
Broke up my family.
The second time is to pay my daughter.
Clearly, he's lost too much blood.
Also called Vice Hoai An.
The third time is to compensate me.
Robbed my husband.
Kill my son.
Not knowing how to repent
Lu Thanh
I know you're angry, but you can't throw a sword at an innocent person.
If the body is weak
If he is eternal.
Then let him die.
Fits one network to one network.
Young Child, how did you first see this unbearable thing?
You're blind.
Gu Thanh, you treat me like that.
Aren't you afraid of retribution?
Shut up.
The Lord s name is what you can call it.
As for you, it is best to return the money to me quickly.
In addition
Say more things I don't like to hear.
I'll keep hitting him.
Mom, you're finally helping me vent.
Are you happy?
More than that.